Feature: Documentation (#5)
Atom-Learning/theme: src/documentation/Typography.mdx

---
title: Typography

> description: For consistent typography throughout the application we created a variety of Text components, you can read more about those specific font styles in the Text Component documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: We have a variety of Text components to provide consistent typography throughout the application. You can read more about those specific font styles in the Text Component documentation.
```

---

## Fonts

<Scale scale={theme.fonts} css={{ mb: '$5' }}>
  {(value) => (
    <Box css={{ pr: '$5' }}>
      <Text
        css={{
          fontFamily: value,
          fontSize: '5rem',
          lineHeight: 1.4,
          '&::before, &::after': { display: 'none' }
        }}
      >
        Abc-Xyz
      </Text>
      <Text size="lg">{value}</Text>
    </Box>
  )}
</Scale>

## Sizes

> This typographic sizing scale represents the `font-size` values used in our components, it loosely follows the [Perfect Fourth](https://type-scale.com/?scale=1.333&font=Inter) scale and can be accessed by using t-shirt notation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This typographic sizing scale represents the `font-size` values used in our components. It loosely follows the [Perfect Fourth](https://type-scale.com/?scale=1.333&font=Inter) scale and can be accessed by using t-shirt notation
```

<Scale scale={theme.fontSizes} css={{ mb: '$5' }}>
  {(value) => <Text css={{ fontSize: value }}>{value}</Text>}
</Scale>

> An important thing to note is that most of our typography components, `Text`, `Heading`, `Label` and others, use [capsize](https://seek-oss.github.io/capsize/) to offset the white-space between the cap-height and the line-height. This means that spacing in and around our text will be tight to the characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that most of our typography components (`Text`, `Heading`, `Label` and others) use [capsize](https://seek-oss.github.io/capsize/) to offset the white-space between the cap-height and the line-height. This means that spacing in and around our text will be tight to the characters.
```
